Long-term performance expectations see the cause and effect of things.
Can I forgive my husband's risk?
To divide
I sacrificed everything.
Lam Need
I'm not well.
Don t even think about better.
Captain Ip believes that you must be a good captain at distinguishing right from wrong.
You can see that my husband impersonated you under duress.
Love is no more.
If you really want to go after it, you're going to have all the debt on my head.
Cute
Post the notice of dismissal of Gu Phong and To Mong on the notice board.
And limit them to three days off work.
Long Tien is not good.
Now the airport lobby is filled with private photos of the situation.
She's a little whore, of course.
It is he who relies on these tricks to lure long achievement.
That caused To Mong and Gu Phong to be fired.
He broke this scandal.
It's bad for our entire airline.
It's embarrassing.